---
layout: post
title:  "Workshop 1 - Received Peer Review 2"
date:   2015-09-18 10:30:00
categories: 1dv607 workshop1
---

Peer review received from Sebastian Lindblad.

#### As a developer would the model help you and why/why not?
This model can help me as a developer since it clearly illustrates the domains significant concepts and thus can be used to gain inspiration for design of software objects (1).

#### Do you think a domain expert (for example the Secretary) would understand the model why/why not?
This would help a domain expert such as the secretary since it gives a good overview of the domain and has clearly defined associations. A proper domain model displays the needed information and abstractions to provide the reader with understanding for the domains relationship, terminology and domain concepts (2).

#### What are the strong points of the model, what do you think is really good and why?
The model is well-structured and it has focus on reality not software. A Domain Model should display real-life situations and not display software objects3.
There are no unnecessary associations added in this Domain Model and associations should only be shown where there is a need to remember or when derived from common associations list (4).

#### What are the weaknesses of the model, what do you think should be changed and why?
There is no information showing what assumptions or changes was made regarding the requirements and the model is not displaying the member’s ability to add/remove/change boats. A Domain Model should capture the essential information and abstractions required for a reader to understand the domain related to the requirements (5).

#### Do you think the model has passed the grade 2 (passing grade) criteria?
With the addition of an explanatory text regarding assumptions/changes regarding the requirements and the addition of the member’s ability to modify his/her Boats it has the passing grade for grade 2.

#### References:
1. Larman C., Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062 p.202
2. Larman C., Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062 p.248
3. Larman C., Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062 p.207
4. Larman C., Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062 p.229
5. Larman C., Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062 p.248
