---
layout: post
title:  "Workshop 1 - Received Peer Review 1"
date:   2015-09-18 10:30:00
categories: 1dv607 workshop1
---

Peer review received from Otto Bergman.


#### As a developer would the model help you and why/why not?
Yes, we think it would help out but it might be a bit to detailed with the classes and there could be some misunderstandings about in what direction the associations is heading [1].

#### Do you think a domain expert (for example the Secretary) would understand the model why/why not?
Yes, we think a domain expert can understand the domain model based on knowing the domain and understanding the basic concept. He/she might take a little longer than needed due to the hard to understand associations [1].

#### What are the strong points of the model, what do you think is really good and why?
We think the domain model is abstract enough, class names are easy to understand and there is a limited number of attributes and they are the ones most needed [2].

#### What are the weaknesses of the model, what do you think should be changed and why?
The weaknesses we found was that it was hard to tell in what direction the associations is heading. There is some classes that are unnecessary, for example the boat description class can be added directly into the boat class and is more an attribute than a separate class [3].

#### Do you think the model has passed the grade 2 (passing grade) criteria?
Except for task one (Authenticate) we think it’s good enough to pass grade 2. If the assumption were made that they have an authentication system then it should be written somewhere that they have made that assumption themselfs.

#### References:

1. Larman C. Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062,  page 221, figure 9.2
1. Larman C. Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062, page 223, chapter 9.2
1. Larman C. Applying UML and Patterns 3rd Ed, 2005, ISBN: 0131489062, page 230-233, chapter 9.5
